---  
layout: default  
title: Troubleshooting  
description: "Troubleshooting common issues with the Ulendo HC app."  
parent: Ulendo Heat Compensation
nav_order: 6
---  

# How to Identify and Troubleshoot Common Faults  

## Troubleshooting

### Single Instance Limitation  
The app is designed to allow only one instance to run at a time. If a user attempts to launch the app while it is already running, a pop-up notification will appear, preventing multiple instances from operating simultaneously.  

This ensures optimal performance and avoids potential conflicts during use.  

### Viewing Logs  
For more detailed troubleshooting, you can open a terminal window under `Tools` menu bar to see print logs generated by the app. For more detailed logs, please navigate to the logs folder in the app installation folder to read the log files.

### Error Pop-Ups  
The app includes error handling, so if an issue occurs during operation, such as a file error or server issue, the app will display a pop-up message describing the problem. This ensures users are notified immediately and can take appropriate action.

## License Key  
The UlendoHC plugin requires a license key for its first-time use and operation. On the first run of the app, the user will need to enter the license key into a dedicated screen.  

### Key Points About the License Key:  
- After entering the license key during the first run, it will be securely encrypted and stored on the computer.  
- Subsequent runs of the app will automatically locate the license key, so re-entering it is unnecessary. 
- The license key will allow the user to process files of parts less than the maximum build volume of the license selected. For 30-day trials, the application will only process files for parts that are less than 2,000 cu cm. 

If your license key has expired, please purchase a new key, or contact your Ulendo account manager for assistance.  

## Need More Help?  
If you need further assistance beyond the troubleshooting steps outlined here, please contact us at **support@ulendo.io** for advanced support.  